<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: November 03, 2022</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p>

<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>

<h3>Interpretation</h3>

<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named +1-1
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to +1-1.
- **Country** refers to: Turkey
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>

<h3>Personal Data</h3>
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Usage Data

<h3>Usage Data</h3>
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
<h4>Use of Your Personal Data</h4>
<p>The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
</p>

<h3>Retention of Your Personal Data</h3>

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

<h3>Delete Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.</p>

<h3>Security of Your Personal Data</h3>

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

- When you register to our mobile application, your password will be secured with hash algorithms.

<h2>Children’s Privacy</h2>

This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

<h2>Changes to This Privacy Policy</h2>
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

Contact Information:

Email: seyitfatihyazici11@gmail.com
